Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Now. I want to see love.
passion. happy.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
You're just married.
The fighting doesn't start
before the honeymoon.
so smile.
Those pants are way too low.
I like it.
Head up. Shoulders back.
Chest out. Throw your chest out!
Coffee!
And Sumi...
It's Sunny.
It's supposed to be.
You can go.
I'm here to actually...
I know. and I don't need you.
Tell your editor
they'll get the pictures
when they're ready.
If they're late. that's because of you.
Run for your life.
Coffee.
Amanda! Here.
Oh. Amanda.
I need a fresh cup of coffee.
Pronto. Fast!
Are we done?
Oh. okay. Well...
Excellent work today.
"Excellent?"
Try "barely adequate".
Coffee.
And...
they'd better not have skimped
on the sugar.
No. there's five in there.
-Just how you like it. Ms. Bitterly.
-Good.
And tell Better Ways & Weddings
if they expect me to shoot
another cover for their magazine.
they are not to send that horrid assistant
to their assistant editor ever again.
Okay.
Good.
When you started working for me. what.
three to five years ago.
would you ever have imagined
you would go from a lowly intern.
fetching coffee and getting people's mail.
to being my personal assistant?
You're on the ladder. my dear.
On the ladder.
Which way you go now is up to you.
My mail.
My mail. I said.
Tell me if there's anything important.
This is from a Thomas at Christies.
I don't do donations. Next.
This is from Marigold.
Wow. that's a check.
I'll take that. Thank you.
This is from...
Pantria? Pantrea?
King Buckley?
I don't know him. Tell me more.
It says. "Dear Ms. Beatrice Bitterly.
"you are cordially invited
to my kingdom of Pantrea
"as a guest of the Royal Family.
"to partake in and document
our Five Days of Christmas Celebration.
"This world-renowned event commences
on December 21st.
"All travel and expenses will be covered.
"I hope you can attend.
"Sincerely. King Buckley."
There's a royal stamp
and an RSVP email address.
Not interested.
Throw it away.
I'll see you here
in 2 weeks after Christmas.
And...
I'm not to be disturbed until I return.
Okay.
Have fun at your beach house.
Ms. Bitterly.
You'll bet I'll have.
Happy holidays.
You know. cocoa's better
if you drink it. not sleep in it.
You should add peppermint.
and maybe sugar.
No. it's my dad's recipe.
And I'm not a sugar fiend.
Wow. I am so tired.
Well. that's what you get
when you're a minion
for the queen of the underworld.
I swear. your boss is a love-child
of the Grinch
and the Wicked Witch of the West.
If so. she'd be greener.
-Ever seen her without makeup?
-Oh. stop.
I feel like if I'm patient with her.
then I will get my shot.
Mandy.
you are a great photographer.
But no one'll know
unless you do something.
Stand up to her.
Like. now's the time.
The writing's on the wall.
On the wall...
Which wall? I have a headache
You need an Aspirin.
I do.
You know what that wall reminds me of?
That wall.
What's with beastly Bitterly's mail?
Oh. I forgot to throw it out.
And what about this all-expenses paid trip
to the kingdom of Pantrea?
Bitterly doesn't want to go.
This is just what you need.
No. I need my bed.
And a trip out of town.
You know you can cover this event.
Yeah. I can do it. But I'm not invited.
Go to sleep.
We can soon change that.
"Dear King Buckley.
"I would be honored
to attend your festival."
What is it?
-Is something the matter. Richard?
-Yes.
Why do I keep getting older.
while you keep looking younger?
Perhaps it's your failing eyesight.
my dear.
Or that you're incapable
of accepting compliments.
Yes?
It is I. Stanley Bishop.
your Chief of Protocol.
Come in. Stanley. We know who you are.
My King.
-I come...
-Good evening. Stanley.
My Queen.
I come bearing good news.
Beatrice Bitterly accepted your invitation
and is coming to Pantrea.
Excellent news. indeed.
I want you personally attending
to all her needs.
and you may pick her up
in the new royal vehicle.
The new car?
Won't she find it a bit...
you know...
We must use it for something.
We don't want Catherine's father
thinking we don't appreciate his gift.
Besides. would you ride in it?
-Certainly not.
-Neither do I.
So. it's settled.
Of course. Sire.
One more thing. Sire.
It appears Ms. Bitterly
will be travelling incognito.
under the name of Amanda Eastman.
as to avoid the paparazzi.
Thank you. that will be all.
Sire. Madam.
A photographer plagued
by fellow photographers?
At least we don't have that problem.
She must know what she's doing.
There are barely any photos of her online.
A woman of mystery.
Okay. So...
It's Friday. Wake me up on Sunday.
No time.
Beatrice changed her mind
about the Pantrea trip.
-What? She's going?
-No. you're going.
She wants to keep her ties
with the Pantreans.
so she assigned you the job.
You're going to cover the event.
Are you kidding?
This is my shot!
So. let's get you packed!
Hi.
Hello.
And you are?
-Amanda. Amanda Eastman.
-How lovely.
I'm expecting a Ms. Beatrice...
I hope you will forgive me.
I completely forgot.
But I assure you.
your secret is safe with me.
What secret?
What secret. indeed.
May I?
Yes. thank you.
Right this way. Madam.
It's cold.
Yes.
Madam.
So. what? You're. like...
the King's personal driver?
No. Madam.
I am the Chief of Protocol.
Stanley Bishop. at your service.
Oh. okay.
It's really beautiful here.
We like to call it home.
I think I'm a little underdressed.
I'm sure you will do just fine. Madam.
Please.
I am pleased to announce
Ms. Amanda Eastman has arrived.
May I present
King Buckley and Queen Gloriana.
Your Highnesses.
We are honored
to have you in our presence.
I know you are a busy woman.
Oh. not really.
Please. call me Amanda.
If you wish. But I can assure you.
there are no paparazzi spies in Pantrea.
Great.
Coffee? We've had some made for you.
Yes. I would love some. Thank you.
That is...
really strong.
Extremely sweet.
Five sugars.
just as you like it.
I read up on you. Ms. Bitterly.
and on your reputation.
Oh. no. I'm not...
Mother. Father. about this...
dance...
Who are you?
Someone special. Sire.
Leopold. this is Beatrice Bitterly.
World-class photographer from America.
She will document the holiday festivities
to share with the world.
Your father believes her pictures
will boost Pantrea's tourist trade.
So you could say our kingdom's future
relies on your talented hands and eyes.
Then I suppose it's only fitting
that I meet you on my knees.
Hi.
Amanda. our son.
Prince Leopold.
Who is not usually this clumsy.
Leo?
What is all this?
Catherine. this is Beatrice Bitterly.
world-renowned photographer from America.
Wait. is it Beatrice or Amanda?
That is the question.
And this is Duchess Catherine of Carthia.
Charmed.
I rode in your dowry.
Very cool.
Thank you.
Leo. I figured it out.
We'll rig the raffle.
so you only have to dance with me.
We shall do no such thing.
I forbid any dishonesty in my kingdom.
If I catch anyone
doing anything underhand.
off with their head.
He just likes to say that.
It's a king thing.
Actually. it's a queen thing.
I feel sick.
You must be exhausted.
Stanley.
please show Ms. Bitterly to her room
to freshen up
before dinner and the festivities.
-I'm staying here?
-Of course.
You are our guest.
Okay.
Thank you.
Ta-ta.
"Ta-ta?"
Intriguing woman.
Savages.
Will Madam be needing anything else?
No.
The only thing missing
is a hang-glider for a quick escape.
The kingdom does have a small helicopter.
should you wish to take some aerial shots.
I will bear that in mind.
Very well.
I shall call you when dinner is ready.
Stanley!
My secretary RSVP'd
for me when I confirmed the trip.
What did the email say?
Just curious.
It stated you were honored to be invited
and would be travelling incognito
under the name Amanda Eastman.
I. Beatrice Bitterly. would be attending
as Amanda Eastman?
That is correct.
Thanks. Stanley.
Madam.
Sunny. you little bitch.
Do you know what time it is here?
Yeah. time for me
to come over there and kill you.
You told them that I was Beatrice!
I told them to call you Amanda.
As a fake name.
They think I'm her.
Posing as yourself.
So...
I'm supposed to pretend to be her.
pretending to be me?
It's way too early for this.
It's too late.
you mean.
The royal family needs Beatrice...
needs me to save the kingdom.
If they find out.
they'll chop off my head.
And when they do. I'm going to haunt you
for the rest of your life.
Calm down.
You're just as good as Beastly Bitterly.
You just need to believe in yourself.
But I'm not myself.
I'm herself.
Look. Beastly's a photographer.
you're a photographer.
She's a woman. so are you.
The only difference is reputation.
Unfortunately. in this world.
you can't get
a reputation without having a reputation.
Are you even speaking English?
It's time to show them what you can do.
As her!
Eventually. the truth will come out.
And when it does. I'm dead.
Just be yourself. You know what I mean.
I've got to sleep. I love you.
I'm sorry.
Speak soon.
I can't do this.
I am Beatrice Bitterly.
world-renowned photographer.
I'm talented.
I'm creative.
I'm mean.
I can't do this.
I know your father loves
the holiday celebrations.
but we really must start preparing
for our marriage as well.
Like choosing a date. to begin with?
Yes. and we should do just that.
But after the holidays.
It's important
for our kingdoms' alliances.
Ever since I was younger.
I dreamt of being...
A princess.
Princesses are a dime a dozen.
Queen was always the goal.
Ruler of the land.
Which happens by marrying Prince Charming.
Soon-to-be King Charming. Exactly.
But just think. once we're married.
I won't have to trek
from my castle to yours every day.
I guess that's why
they call it settling down.
I think you're right.
I've never thought of it that way.
Good evening. Catherine.
My King.
No need for that. We're all family here.
Thank you.
Well. I am famished.
Do not fear.
you are far from
withering away to nothing.
Has Stanley summoned...
Ms. Bitterly.
-Good evening.
-I trust your room is suitable?
-Yes. it is.
You know. I must apologize again
about what happened earlier.
Oh no. it's fine.
May I say. you look lovely.
Oh. I know.
I mean. thank you.
So I hear you're a woman of many names.
What shall we call you?
Amanda is fine.
Let's stick with that.
it's easier for everyone.
Especially me.
Do you use that pseudonym often?
All my life.
So is this where we're eating?
Indeed.
-Let's sit.
-I'm hungry.
Why not skip the coffee next time
and serve me a cup of sugar?
That can be arranged. Madam.
And to think I used to prefer tea.
So. there are seven events
leading up to Christmas.
Baking. decorations.
and gift-wrapping?
Yes.
All funds collected are for
the Children of Pantrea Foundation.
providing toys for the holidays.
-That sounds like a great cause.
-It is.
I love the little toddlers.
I can't wait to have some of my own.
Princes and princesses everywhere.
Just like us way back when. Remember. Leo?
You used to braid my hair.
Only after you pulled mine.
Our union was written in the stars.
Call it fate or destiny...
Call it "an arranged marriage."
Nothing wrong with that.
Don't you agree. Beat...
I mean. Amanda?
Sure.
I think romance is overrated anyway.
Not for everyone. For some. obviously.
it works. Just. I'm...
more career-focused.
An admirable attitude. my dear.
-Thanks.
-But tell us more. Tell us...
something that is not online.
There's hardly anything about me online.
So modest. Ms. Bitterly.
Well. you know how it is.
Journalists often just exaggerate.
Sometimes they make things up entirely.
So.
who is the real you?
I've asked myself that question
a lot lately.
Speaking of. it is getting late.
The townsfolk must be gathered outside.
Catherine is right.
Let us adjourn to the garden.
Madam. To keep you warm.
Extra-strong.
Awesome.
You know what?
I won't be able to take photos
and drink at the same time.
I'll hold it.
So. what's the deal
between the Duchess and the Prince?
The real deal?
I told you. They're to be married.
The royal family set it in motion
when they were still very young.
so as to unite both kingdoms.
But have they set a date yet?
Not as of yet. Madam.
And what about you and the Duchess?
Why. nothing. Madam. I just...
Admire from afar?
-Serve the royal family.
-Gotcha.
Right.
Dear citizens of Pantrea.
I am delighted to announce
the commencement
of the Five Days of Christmas Celebration.
Now. this year will be very special.
Not only do these events
sponsor a good cause.
but we have a welcomed guest from America
documenting our festivities
and traditions.
Now please.
do not be shy around her camera.
I want the world to see
what Pantrea has to offer.
The gift-wrapping competition
is in 20 minutes in the library.
So. all those competing: sign up.
make your donations. see Henry.
in charge of our donations box.
and may the best wrapper win.
Amanda.
come take pictures of us by the lights.
She's not here to photograph us.
Oh. one or two won't hurt.
I want a world-famous photographer
to shoot us.
We could hire her for our wedding.
Take my left side.
-It's my better angle.
-Okay.
Okay.
I need you to stop moving.
just so I can focus.
Okay. stop moving.
We're not moving.
It's cold. right?
It'll be better on a tripod anyway.
The contest is about to begin inside.
So Catherine. Leo. Amanda. shall we?
Inside. where it's warm.
I don't see what's so interesting
about wrapping presents.
Nor do I.
I find you are
a much more interesting subject. Madam.
Thank you. Stanley.
So. you all have 3 minutes
to wrap your gifts as best you can.
On your marks.
get set. go!
Do you have enough wrapping paper?
Yeah.
Careful of the end. there.
It's sticking out a bit.
Okay. I'm going to go and...
-Hello.
-Hi.
I'm going to give you a hand here.
If we work really hard...
Oh no.
Good luck. boys.
You have 2 minutes.
How do we put this on?
Alright. another piece. Now put that here.
-A little here.
-Yeah. another there.
Hey. is it cheating?
Well. it's our Christmas secret.
More paper.
-Okay.
-Oh no!
-Are you ready?
-No.
-I'm not done.
-Three...
-two...
-Quick!
one...
Stop wrapping!
Well.
I declare contestant number two
to be the winner.
Congratulations.
All of these gifts are yours.
Hey!
Those pictures you sent me
are really good.
-Really? You really think so?
-No doubt about it.
Tell me:
who is the hunk?
I assume you're referring
to Prince Leopold?
He's a prince? Nice.
And he's engaged.
-To whom?
-To a Duchess.
Not that I care or anything. because...
I'm just here to work. Do my job.
Well. Bitterly's job.
That's right. Keep your eye
on the prize and don't get distracted.
I'm not.
Good. You know.
single. handsome princes come and go
every day.
Exactly. What do I care he's engaged?
You already said that.
Right. So let's drop it.
Dropped. Now. what's up next?
The Christmas Baking Competition.
Best dessert wins.
Hey. you could do
your dad's chocolate recipe.
Maybe add a little bit of sugar.
Do not talk to me about sugar.
You should see what they do
to the coffee here.
And no. I won't be competing.
because I am here to shoot.
You're a woman of many talents. Mandy.
Don't forget it.
Yeah. and currently of many identities.
thanks to you.
Just go with the flow. You'll be fine.
I love you.
What flow?
There is no flow.
All right.
Good match. Sven.
That's enough for today. Next!
Sorry.
I think I distracted you.
Yes. You certainly are a distraction.
But these are just friendly matches.
And I won the first 14.
So. what brings you here?
Your dad said you'd be here.
Everybody's baking.
so I thought I'd come check you out.
I did not mean that like that.
I meant. check out the gym. check out
the space. the location.
It's big.
And anyway.
everybody is making desserts
and there is nothing much to take
photographs of until they're done.
Oh. yes. I think even
Catherine is making
her famous gingerbread cookies.
Do you bake?
A little bit.
My dad was actually
the chef of the family.
He cooked his way through college.
Oh. so your mother's the photographer?
No. she teaches first grade.
I don't know
why I got into photography. I guess...
I don't know. to see the world
through different eyes.
The definition of a true artist.
-Thank you.
-Leo!
Oh. dear. Are you alright?
I think I became dizzy
slaving over the hot stove all morning.
I baked cookies. Gingerbread.
They sound delicious.
-I don't suppose you cook?
-Well. on occasion.
Well you should join
the baking competition.
But I do warn you.
my cookies are hard to beat.
I've got to take pictures.
Yes. but not until after the guests
arrive with their desserts.
You have time.
And my permission.
And to be willing
to get your hands dirty. like me.
Okay. Lead me to the kitchen.
Leopold.
what are you doing?
I was just going to help Amanda.
Kitchen work is not the duty of princes.
Amanda's father was a famous chef.
Oh. I never said that.
Be that as it may.
Amanda's father
will never be king of Pantrea.
It's okay. I've got this.
My dad would make a terrible king.
He loves mowing his own lawn.
Shouldn't you be photographing
this event. my dear?
Yes.
On it.
Welcome. one and all.
to the second day of our competition.
The best holiday sweet maker will win
a stocking full of goodies
to hang over the fireplace.
So. let the judging begin.
I can be the official taster. Sire.
No. Stanley.
This is definitely a job for the King.
Ah. gingerbread. My favorite.
I know.
Very...
very nice. Catherine.
A little crunchy. perhaps.
Crunchy? That's ridiculous.
Fruity.
My. my.
Yes. a little dry maybe.
I did try to warn him.
Nice.
Oh. look at this.
What an awful lot of effort.
Very good. Very good. indeed.
A for effort. I would say.
Congratulations.
Now. what have we here?
Be careful. It's really hot.
What an unusual flavor.
Sweet and...
amazing.
Yes. it's...
That is absolutely delicious.
I declare Amanda Eastman's hot cocoa
the winner.
Well done.
Bravo. Please. please. Come try.
Come try.
More cups. please.
Well done. Here we are.
Yes. please.
One for you. Would you like to try that?
Stanley.
Yes. my Duchess?
Can I ask you a favor?
Anything. any time.
Ah. here we are.
Now...
Keep your eyes on that girl.
I do not trust her.
Would you like a taste?
Beatrice Bitterly?
I thought her name was Amanda?
Yes. but she travels incognito.
Interesting.
Now. remember.
All those competing in the next event.
Build the Best Snowman.
change into your snow gear
and meet up at Pantrea's Peak in one hour
where I. your King.
will be joining the competing teams.
Which you promised not to do.
I promised no such thing.
It's not right for the King
-to take part in this.
-Nonsense.
A king should always stay connected
to his community.
I would not take photographs
of this particular moment.
Oh. right. Yeah.
Even a king and queen
have marital spats now and then.
Unfortunately. over the last few years.
it's become far more "now" than "then".
You should see my parents go at it.
It's totally normal.
Love always wins out in the end.
I hope so.
Besides.
I don't consider your obsession
with this movie. Frozen.
to be a healthy one.
Let it go. Glory.
Let it go.
Darling.
can I speak with you a moment?
I'm not feeling so well.
What is it. Catherine?
Just this.
What?
What was that for?
I wanted to show you how much I love you
and how much of a perfect couple we make.
These public displays of affection
are not proper
for the royal family.
Yes. mother.
But aren't public displays of disagreement
between a king and queen
also frowned upon?
Catherine. might I have a moment?
Certainly. my Queen.
You love my son. do you not?
Oh. I do. my Queen.
And he. in turn. loves you?
He'd be a fool not to.
I mean. yes. I'm sure that he does.
He tells me so often.
Then why has a wedding date
not been announced?
Because the Prince is a very busy man.
He's not that busy.
I'm working on it.
Work harder.
This marriage is important
for both our kingdoms.
Yes. I'm all for it. Ready and willing.
Chomping at the bit.
as they say in the royal stables.
You know. to the horses.
I trust you do not chomp. my dear.
Just ride. occasionally.
in a very regal manner.
I've actually taken lots of pictures.
Some great ones of your dad.
No need to apologize.
This is why you're here.
Yes. This is why I'm here:
to take pictures.
And not get distracted.
What was that?
I was just saying.
it's distracting how beautiful it is.
It's perfect.
You know.
in the summertime. they call this spot
Lovers' Paradise.
Right.
I really know how to pick them.
-You have a good eye.
-So do you.
Two in fact. Great cheekbones.
nice nose and cute lips.
Thank you.
-Amanda.
-Yes?
I was wondering
if I could ask you a favor.
Oh boy. Here it comes.
Excuse me?
I know where this is going.
I'm not sure I'm following you.
You're getting married to Catherine.
the Duchess of Canterbury.
-Carthia.
-Close enough.
Right... So?
What does...
Catherine have to do with any of this?
I was just going to ask
if you'd be so kind as
to not take any pictures
of tomorrow night's event.
At least.
avoid photographing me.
Why? What's tomorrow night?
The raffle.
The...
winner gets a dance with the Prince.
Me.
Oh. because you can't dance?
I don't dance in public
with everyone watching me.
I freeze up.
I've been freezing since I got here.
Dancing is easy.
Just move your arms and shake your body.
It's not like you've got to do a waltz.
Well. I mean...
it is a...
royal ball. Amanda.
It will be a waltz.
Then I can't help you.
I'm afraid I'll make a fool of myself
in front of the entire kingdom.
Have you ever seen The King and I?
The King and you? Doing what?
No. it was a play and then a movie.
Never mind.
The thing about dancing is. you just
have to focus on the other person. so...
hold eye contact.
It's just all about you and her.
Eye contact. you say?
And now. just focus on me.
It's a lot like fencing. except you have
to get closer to your opponent
and you try not to stab them
with your sword.
Let's forget that analogy.
So you hum a waltz.
and take the lead.
Eye contact.
Prince Leopold!
Are you quite all right. Sire?
Madam! Is anyone hurt?
We're fine.
Amanda was just giving me some pointers.
My Prince.
you are needed to judge the best snowman.
The King isn't able to
since he is in the competition himself.
Duty calls.
Sire. you are. of course.
free to choose any snowman you like.
Any one at all. that goes without saying.
But may I remind you.
the King is the lord of the land
and as it also happens. your father.
But I don't want to appear
to be picking favorites.
Picking a favorite...
that would be too obvious.
Shall we. Sire?
Yeah. go on. Let's.
Madam?
Yeah. You go. Stanley.
"Stab her with your sword?"
God!
I'm not in love. It's an infatuation.
He's a prince.
He's a man. Amanda.
Like. you danced with him
in the snow.
They were dancing in the snow?
Yes. But to be fair. Prince Leopold said
she was giving him pointers for the ball.
I bet she was.
From now on. if anyone
is giving Leo pointers. it'll be me.
Besides. I've got better pointers
than she does.
Bigger ones. too.
I'm a Duchess. She's an American.
There's no contest.
Well. I couldn't agree more. Madam.
I do not understand
what is upsetting you so.
Beatrice is a very nice
and talented young woman.
Have you seen her photographs?
They are beautiful.
It's not right for our son
to be gallivanting around with the help.
She is a guest. Glory.
What she is. is a distraction.
I heard the two of them were alone
in the gymnasium earlier.
I sent her to take photos.
What's wrong with that?
It's not how things are done.
Nor was the way we first met.
Have you forgotten?
This isn't about us.
It's about the future alliances
of Pantrea. our son.
and that... girl.
I don't even know if he's into me.
Well. why don't you find out?
It's not my place. He's engaged.
I told you.
Third time. now.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means he's still single.
Men have been known to change their minds.
And I'm sure princes have. too.
I am not having this conversation.
You are a bad influence.
Sometimes it's good to be bad.
You're ridiculous.
I'm very confident that Leo loves me
and wants what's best for the kingdom.
There's not a doubt in my mind.
Not one single doubt.
But tomorrow.
Leo will not be dancing
with anyone else but me.
Madam. the King has made it clear
there's to be
no tampering with the raffle.
But there won't be any tampering.
Just find out what time
the tickets go on sale and let me know.
You can do that. Stanley. can't you?
Being the Chief of Protocol does give me
access to certain privy information.
I know.
And I know I can trust you
to be very discrete.
I'm sure our son will do
the right thing. just as his father did
many years ago.
-That's what worries me.
-Really?
You have regrets?
Of course not.
Don't confuse the issue.
I just want what's best for the kingdom.
So do I.
And for Leo to be happy.
I'm sure Catherine will see to that.
And the alliance of these two families
is what the kingdom needs.
Now.
it's getting late.
Big day. tomorrow.
Okay. okay. You do what's right
and live happily ever after...
by yourself.
Good night. Sunny.
But seriously. those pictures you sent
are incredible.
Especially the one with the kingdom.
like. from the hillside.
If it's okay with you.
I want to submit it to my editor.
Like. it's cover-worthy.
Really?
Wait. whose name are you going to use?
Why. yours. of course.
Beatrice Bitterly!
It's Amanda.
Amanda! Amanda. Sunny.
I've got to go.
Oh. hello you.
I mean. my Prince... the Prince.
-Mr. Prince?
-Please. call me Leopold.
Actually.
I prefer Leo.
So do I.
Right. Well. I just wanted
to thank you again
for the lesson this afternoon.
It was very helpful.
You're welcome.
Any time.
Oh. I wanted to...
to give you this.
A raffle ticket?
For the ball tomorrow night.
It's the least I could do.
-I'm honored.
-It's just one.
Like I said.
I don't play favorites.
No.
because that wouldn't be proper.
And "proper" is very important
to many in this household.
Especially my mother.
as I'm sure you've overheard.
Yes. well. that's all moms.
-It's not just a queen thing.
-Yes. but...
in America they surely don't tell you
who you'll spend your life with.
I can see the advantages
of an arranged marriage.
It takes all the pressure off of you
having to make a decision. right?
That is entirely not true.
Well. at least you get
to avoid the dating scene.
I mean. in America. it's a mess.
The games. the constant mixed-messages.
"Is he interested in me? Is he not?
"Should it be a kiss or handshake?"
Nobody knows what to do
so they stand around.
awkwardly staring at each other. trying...
to decide.
Well...
Good night.
Good morning. You're here early.
I came straight from my castle
this morning.
How many tickets are available?
I believe at the moment.
we have them all: 349.
Great. I'll purchase them all.
Thank you.
The children will appreciate
your donation and this kind gesture.
Oh yes. of course. The children.
I guess I gotta go home.
Come in.
It's open!
Smile. Leo.
You might at least pretend
to be happy to be here.
That's much better.
Breathtaking.
Yeah. it is. actually.
I can't breathe at all.
I'm really glad you came.
Really?
Hi.
Catherine is here.
Leopold.
your fiance has arrived.
Oh. I should greet her. Excuse me.
Catherine.
you look
quite striking.
Oh. I just threw this on.
I hope you're in the mood for dancing.
I am.
Good evening. one and all. and welcome.
Thank you for coming to the palace
this evening
to celebrate our fourth Christmas event.
And for contributing
so generously to the Children's Fund.
I'm told we've raised
a tidy sum this year.
And that brings us on
to tonight's raffle.
The winning ticket will get to dance
with the future king:
our son. Prince Leopold.
And now. our Chief of Protocol. Stanley.
will announce the winner.
The winner is two hundred and...
That's me!
-Two hundred and five.
-Yeah. that's also me.
It... It's me.
Will the winner
please step forward for confirmation?
It seems we have a winner!
Congratulations. Madam.
And now Ms. Amanda Eastman will join
Prince Leopold on the dance floor.
Thank you.
I swear. I did not rig this.
-I believe you.
-You do?
No. But I don't mind.
Look in my eyes.
I am.
May I please have your attention?
Ladies and Gentlemen.
her Majesty. Queen Gloriana.
Well.
that was simply lovely.
And now I have a very special
announcement to make:
our son. Prince Leopold.
will be before you again
on January the 5th.
when he takes Duchess Catherine
of Carthia's hand in holy matrimony.
I didn't know you'd set a date.
Neither did I.
How was it. dancing with the prince?
It was a dream.
Just a dream.
Two minutes left.
Then the best Christmas card
will be awarded.
Amanda. you have to believe me.
I had no idea
Mother would announce a date last night.
We'd not agreed upon it.
It's fine. I'm not mad at you.
Well.
you seem pretty mad.
-Do I? I'm not. I'm mad at myself.
-Why? You did nothing wrong.
I don't understand.
Well. it's probably better that way.
One minute remains.
Please finish your cards.
I really wish you'd just talk to me.
Leopold!
I'm feeling a bit faint.
Would you like to lie down?
No.
I think I feel better
now that you're near.
We should discuss the arrangements.
It's less than 2 weeks away.
And.
you shouldn't keep fraternizing
with the help. It's beneath you. darling.
And one must keep up appearances.
You know you sound just like my mother.
I take that as a compliment.
It's not.
And the time is up.
Good. Let us see
what Christmas magic has been created.
"I think that I shall never see
"a card as lovely as a Christmas tree!"
Nice.
I bet little-miss-perfect
is not so perfect.
Dude! I've been trying
to reach you for days.
Hello? Where are you?
Are you still mad at me? Is that it?
Well then.
I've got some great news for you.
I showed your photographs to my editor
and he loved them.
He's going to use them.
And guess who he's giving
full photograph credit to?
Amanda Eastman! That's you. girl.
The real you.
What do you think about that?
Thank you.
What?
Hi. I'm looking for a number
in the United States.
in the State of California.
The name is Beatrice Bitterly.
And the best card goes to...
Billy Wilkins.
Congratulations. Billy. Well done.
Isn't that good?
Really. well done. indeed.
I really think we need to talk.
I don't think there's anything
to talk about.
Last night was wonderful.
It really was.
But we need to get back to the real world.
I have a job to do
and you have a duchess to marry.
Let's not complicate things.
But feelings matter. Amanda.
Don't they?
I can't do this.
I just need to change my camera card.
I'll be back.
Focus.
No. no. no!
Where are my pictures?
Gone.
Is something wrong. son?
Yeah.
I need to talk to you about this wedding.
I believe she's upstairs
working on the invitation list.
Okay.
Father...
You're having reservations
about the marriage.
Are you and Mother happy. Father?
Of course. we are. I love your mother.
-But I always hear you arguing.
-We do not argue.
We have disagreements.
but when you live with one for so long.
it is bound to happen.
In any relationship.
It doesn't mean we don't love each other.
Are you worried that once married.
you and Catherine
will stop loving each other?
Or perhaps you love another?
What?
No. I...
I don't know.
Yes.
you do.
I just don't want
to let you or Mother down.
Oh. you'll never let us down. Leo.
Never.
You may enter.
Hi. Sorry to disturb you. your Majesty.
Was there a power outage earlier?
Not that I'm aware of. Why do you ask?
Something happened with my computer
and I lost a lot of my files.
All the pictures I've been taking.
-Do you not make backups?
-Oh. I do.
And I was when my computer crashed.
I was just wondering
if I could borrow your system
and download the pictures for today.
It shouldn't take longer
than 30. 40 minutes tops.
Very well.
I can just... Oh. okay. Thank you.
Your stay here is coming to an end soon.
Yep. right after
the last two festivities are over.
I trust your visit has been satisfactory?
It's been wonderful.
Then why do I detect an air of sadness?
Me?
No. I'm fine. really.
You have a magnificent palace here.
and a wonderful husband
and loyal servants.
It really is the dream.
And I'm sure the Prince and the Duchess
will follow gloriously in your footsteps
and live happily ever after.
That is the plan.
Yes. and it's a top-notch plan.
I couldn't be happier for them.
This is going to take a while. so...
I'll come back. I have to...
clean my lenses.
Welcome. one and all.
Christmas Eve is upon us.
as are the final two competitions.
This evening is
the Christmas Tree Decorating Contest:
the most festive decorating wins.
And tomorrow.
Christmas day.
everyone can take part
in our Spirit of Christmas Competition.
Pictures. sculptures. costumes...
Anything that best represents
the joy of our community
this holiday season
will win a special award.
Oh. and contributions
are still being accepted
to our Children's Fund.
so please. do give what you can.
Good luck.
and may the most festive spirit win.
Thank you.
I'll take over
Forget about her. Leo.
She's not who you think she is.
What do you mean by that?
You'll see.
Everyone will.
We must discuss Leo and Catherine.
Oh. not now.
There's so much to do.
We've got so much to plan. it's important.
Our families are counting on it.
Catherine. weddings should not be
about families.
It should be about two people in love.
That's what makes them special.
I agree. but ours is even more special
because it unites our kingdoms.
Is that how you feel
or how your parents feel?
Can't it be both?
I suppose so.
Catherine. please. stop.
I need to do this alone.
Do what?
Use the restroom facilities.
Oh. of course. By all means.
Hurry back!
Miss you already!
You think you're so clever. don't you?
That's not something
I've ever been accused of.
Interesting choice of words...
"Accused."
I'm just here doing my job.
After tomorrow. I'm gone
and the Prince is all yours.
Oh. he was always mine.
I do hope you weren't foolish enough
to believe otherwise.
Yeah. Of course not.
Add more on this one.
Good evening. Stanley.
Duchess. How can I be of service?
Actually. a hot cup of cocoa
would be wonderful.
Would you be a dear?
Well. you could ask Amanda
to make you one. I hear she's...
I'd love to. but I'm not supposed
to leave the box unattended. Madam.
I'll wait right here.
Be back in a jiffy.
Beautiful.
Hi.
Can I? Last batch.
Computer still not working?
Well. I don't want to take any chances.
Thank you.
Okay.
I must admit...
your work really is very good.
You've captured the heart
and soul of Pantrea.
Your work is full of emotion.
Thank you. your Majesty.
You're very kind.
I think my husband and my son
would disagree with you.
I doubt that.
I know you want
what's best for the kingdom.
You're very observant. my dear.
Occupational hazard.
What a pleasant sight to behold.
Richard.
come and see these photographs.
They are quite stunning.
Oh. this file is quite big.
I'll come back
when it's finished downloading.
You'll join us for brunch tomorrow?
Oh my gosh. no!
I wouldn't want to intrude.
Nonsense.
It is Christmas.
And while you're here. you're family.
Yes. do join us.
Oh. wow. That is really so nice of you.
OK. Thank you.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Ta-ta!
Ta-ta. indeed.
I'm glad to see you getting on so well.
I've nothing against the girl.
She's lovely and talented.
-But she's...
-Not of royal blood?
Exactly.
And you want what is best for our son?
Correct.
No matter if his heart loves another?
Has he told you that?
Not in so many words. but...
He's only just met the girl.
He is in love.
And Catherine is a duchess
and will make an excellent queen someday.
And a suitable wife.
But if you recall.
I refused my suitable bride
who came from royal blood.
And why?
Because I met a beautiful.
young. vibrant girl.
Do you remember how brave
we both had to be then?
They said our marriage wasn't allowed.
and yet.
here we are.
Just as in love today
as the day we first met.
That was a different time.
Time is the only difference.
She's an American.
Americans are people. too.
Or so I've heard.
Thank you for everything.
Am I in the wrong castle?
Why would you say that?
Smiling. laughing.
Not squabbling.
-We can squabble if you want. Leo.
-This is nice.
-Will Catherine be joining us?
-Sooner or later.
She said she has some sort of errand
to attend to first.
Would you like to fetch Amanda?
I don't think she wants anything
to do with me.
I think just the opposite.
Merry Christmas.
Merry. indeed.
I really must speak with you.
Yes. before you do.
there's something I have to say
to all of you.
What is it. my dear?
Well. firstly.
thank you.
You've all been so kind.
inviting me into your home
and you've treated me
like an honored guest.
At first. I was confused
because I thought you were expecting me.
-We were.
-No. you weren't.
Not "me" me.
Who's Mimi?
Another pseudonym?
No. there's no Mimi. Just me. me.
Beatrice Bitterly?
Present.
Who is this woman?
Amanda Eastman.
-You're Amanda Eastman?
-No. She is.
I am Beatrice Bitterly.
I am confused.
That woman has been lying to us
by pretending to be this woman:
the real Beatrice Bitterly.
And I'm bitterly disappointed. Amanda.
She's my assistant.
Was my assistant.
As soon as I received a call
from the Duchess
telling me what Amanda was up to.
I hopped on the first plane
to set things right.
You lied to me?
No. I actually asked you all
to call me Amanda.
But we never thought your real name
was your real name.
It was just a case of mistaken identity
that spiraled out of control.
You were dishonest from the start.
Capitalizing on a famous name
to make a name for yourself.
Did you really think
King Buckley would invite you.
a lowly assistant. into his royal palace?
-You could've told me.
-I tried.
I tried to try. but it was...
I'm afraid
we have a bit of an issue. Sire.
Who in this kingdom
would steal from children?
I wonder?
No. no. no.
I have nothing to do with this.
And why should we believe you?
You probably stole that dress.
No. I didn't. This was a gift.
I guess?
You can search me.
Search my things and my room!
I think that's a very good idea.
You have to...
Stanley?
Okay.
The room is clear.
It's all here.
You did this. You set me up.
Me?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd have this woman arrested.
A liar and a thief? Really. Amanda?
It's like I don't even know you.
None of us do.
Well. we have retrieved the money.
We needn't involve the authorities.
No.
The last thing this kingdom needs
is a scandal.
I'm shocked. Unbelievable.
You'll never get hired again.
The best thing would be if Amanda...
It is Amanda?
...if she got
the first flight back to the States.
I concur.
Stanley. you'll see
she gets to the airport?
Very well. Sire.
Come on. Leo.
We've wasted enough time on this...
this woman.
Madam.
I didn't do this. you know.
You're welcome to dine with us.
Ms. Bitterly.
Well. thank you. I'm starved.
I can never eat that airplane food.
Do let me know when you are ready.
Thanks. Stanley.
I didn't take that money. you know.
I believe you. Madam.
I truly do.
I love them. Leo. Thank you so much.
They're beautiful.
I told you. they're not from me.
Don't be ridiculous.
Who else would be my secret admirer?
I never even said goodbye to her.
You're not still going on
about that silly little thief. are you?
She was a menace.
We should celebrate being rid of her.
She got off easy.
I would've had her serving time.
It's Christmas. Catherine.
A time for giving and forgiving.
And this is my den.
So clean and tidy.
You should see mine.
It's cluttered.
But 'tis the life of an artist.
She's left her pictures behind.
I'm sure they're horrible.
The poor girl probably didn't know
which end of the camera to shoot from.
Actually. we found her photographs
rather good.
Excellent. I would say.
Richard. come here.
How do you enlarge a photograph?
Oh. well you just hit this key.
What is it you want to enlarge?
Is that?
I think it is.
You're breaking up with me?
-You'll find another prince.
-Where?
I love you!
Catherine. honestly.
I think you love the idea
of being a queen.
But me.
not so much.
And if I'm being really honest
with myself.
I'm in love with Amanda.
But she's a liar.
You were promised to me and I to you
when we were children.
I can't believe
you're in love with a thief.
There's only one thief in this palace.
And it is not Amanda Eastman.
Oh. we should...
Madam.
may I say.
I regret things had to end this way.
Me too. Stanley.
But I guess Christmas wishes
are just that. huh?
Wishes.
Stanley Bishop. Chief of Protocol.
Yes. we're almost there. Sire.
Yes. of course.
Absolutely. Sire.
Right away.
-Am I in trouble again?
-Yes.
There's one more competition to judge:
Pantrea's Spirit of Christmas.
The submissions are in the great hall
and you haven't photographed there yet.
I can photograph this.
I'll charge you half my normal rate.
No. thank you.
We want Amanda.
-You do?
-I do.
I don't understand.
We saw your pictures.
It was my money in that stupid raffle.
I just want to be queen.
Is that too much to ask?
It is in Pantrea.
Well. when my father hears
about this. he will...
He will demand
you return his wedding gift.
That alone is cause to celebrate.
Would you like us to lock her up?
After all. it's what she wanted us
to do with you.
No. it's Christmas.
And besides. she returned the money
when she pointed out where to find it.
That's true.
Let her go.
Thank you. your Royal Highness.
I didn't mean to do any harm.
I just wanted to be queen
to make my parents proud.
It's how I was raised.
And now you all hate me.
I don't hate you. Catherine.
You're just not the right one for me.
But I think I know who is.
Amanda. I...
Looks like I've fallen for you.
That's the third time.
You know what they say:
"Third time's the charm."
-Can you ever forgive me?
-For what?
For doubting you.
Stanley told me how special you are.
I should have listened.
Just hold that thought.
Stanley.
so you brought me the dresses
the other night?
I couldn't really say. Madam.
And the winning ticket?
It would be a nice gesture.
for helping you.
The winning raffle ticket is 205.
You little matchmaker. you.
Things we do for love.
I think the Duchess
might need a ride home.
I believe you may be right. Madam.
Sire.
I believe the Duchess
might need a ride back to her kingdom.
You're right. Stanley. could you?
It would be my pleasure. Sire. Madam.
Thank you. Stanley.
I wonder who did send me these earrings.
A secret admirer?
Perhaps we could figure
that one out together.
Well. I think we found the winner
that best represents
the spirit of Christmas.
Yes!
Finally! Did you get the package
I sent you?
Yes!
It's an advanced copy.
The magazine hits the stands next week.
All photos credited to you. baby.
Amanda Eastman!
So...
you know how to take a picture?
You're never working for me again.
Well. with all due respect. Beatrice.
I don't need to. I have my own name now.
And you're sticking to it?
Yeah. I wouldn't want to be anyone else.
How about Princess Amanda?
Princess Amanda.
That has a nice ring to it.
I'll think about it.
Subtitling TITRAFILM